we are currently parked in Beverly Hills
all dressed up it's super hot outside so
we're trying to pull hops and pools in
the fanciest homes that we possibly can
find and we're going to pick out at this
Viking helmet who goes first operation
is on well every one of these houses
have to fork over these houses are
insane
oh my god
you chosen one yeah what is it Steve oh
you take a pic with your partner picking
your mark all right let's do it
you don't worry we'll we'll figure out
this Myra I'm gonna say I'm like filming
a documentary about the most beautiful
homes in Beverly Hills because otherwise
what are you gonna say oh this house
yeah I want to get arrested this is not
gonna work out
they're watching I'm actually about to
throw up this is a very very very very
nice nice hello hello hello
my name is Thomas could I speak to the
owner of the house I know this is a
weird request what pull jump in your
pool oh okay my bad have a good day oh
okay
I think we drew some attention in the
neighborhood people are looking out of
their windows of course they are look it
there I hope this is Tom Cruise or
something even if we're here until
sunset we're gonna I'm hopping in a
freaking pool today that's a little
sketch we're not coming in to rob them
we're just Dexter you got this I've been
waiting for this moment my whole hi are
the owners here no one Oh people are
staring at us from the windows like
maids and stuff like it without opening
very well how you doing we're trying to
make a video where we pool huh do you
think there's any chance to convince any
of these owners yeah but I'm talking
about in Beverly Hills in general no
because one they're not going to trust
you
right yeah there are people with big
money yeah even me hi all the accounts I
do I don't go in the house and they know
me yeah
they do not look pleased impossible
impossible so he said but that's why we
do it
so Madhupur takes over next is we will
get it we're gonna get it oh absolutely
it's get it all Barry let's go to
different block when I roll up to pull
Central every house is a pool let's get
in that house this for BMW like this is
not done at all for this but this is
good
go ahead Matt let's play this rhythm
oh I wouldn't do them baby
no way awesome okay it sounds the
biggest what do you want to do I jump in
the pool if there's any chance it would
literally be fast like it so they won't
be out here I have two other friends
there in the car can I go grab my god
take over
wow what a cool they're so young they're
like orange
this home is incredible my work inside a
big leap for a buck cool
hi guys thank you so much having us
we're just using the pool for seconds
literally pick this house because we've
done it like there's no chance but end
of the one big the one before
those the most refreshing for mother